<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
     xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <h1>Cover Letter</h1>
    <h2>What is next industry for information technology?</h2>
    <hr/>
    
	<p>During last 10 years from Steve Jobs’ presentation for iPhone, IT industry is almost insane to portable devices. Google has also focused on Android project for its main business. However, there is no more possibility for the portable device industry. Most companies merely want to keep their market share. Together, most companies started to invest cloud systems and online stores to sell more products through the portable devices, but inessential products cannot stimulate human nature which is possessiveness. Basically, people want real products they can grasp. Furthermore, IT companies also want new business to develop and keep their companies for selling their goods more. </p>
	<br/>
	<p>My idea is based on the portable device industry, so IT companies do not need to give up their portable device business. Besides, my product will let your company be able to sell online and offline products more. </p>
	<br/>
	<p>A purpose of my product is to collapse a border between offline and online. Most users feel stress from the border between offline and online. If you were not one of developers, you would not want the border because there are no more means. Users can use online applications like desktop programs, but users always need to know whether which one is online application or not. My idea is started from this point. Why do users need to know the border between offline and online?</p>
	<br/>
	<p>During last 10 years, portable device industry have improved software industry, but its overall structure became more complicated than desktop software industry because there is no good standard users can use without difficulty. My product have an intention of an integration of the software industry. Actually my idea purpose is new Operating System to integrate online and offline software.</p>
	<br/>
	<p>Who want to invest new Operating System? There is no more company for it. I know. So, I have one more idea. My Operating System is for hardware you can produce and sell. </p>
	<br/>
	<p>I am really happy to introduce my idea for you. It is a personal server business. Maybe you already know that there are lots of personal server companies, but the companies usually sell their products to maniacs or experts who can maintain their servers. It is really similar to smart phone companies before iPhone. For the reasons, I realized some my idea for users who are not experts. My product is almost same to window GUI system which is already familiar to common users who do not know very well hardware and software. Thus, users just need to access their personal server through their portable devices and can use the personal server like desktops using window GUI. The biggest profit of my product is that I realized my idea with HTML every browser can connect. Thus, users do not need to install any program to connect their personal server.</p>
	<br/>
	<p>Every person is saying that personal computer age is done. I want to ask you what next age? Do you think that it is portable device age? I do not think so because it is already almost done. Only some special companies can join this industry. However, personal server is totally different and the size of industry will be also bigger than personal computer industry. First reason is that one sever will need to accept more than one connection. For one family, the server need to accept two connection at least. If both really love to play games together, how much spec server they need? They will upgrade their personal server until they can satisfy. So, there is no limitation for this new industry unlike portable device industry. Even this is real product people can possess unlike cloud services. They will use this server for their private video streaming, sharing photos for family, and playing games together in their house. If they have one server, all of members in the family could connect the server from any places in the house. They would want to keep their server for life, so this industry would never be done because new users would buy and upgrade their personal server to connect their personal data without payment per month like other cloud services. </p>
	<br/>
	<h:graphicImage value="/apps/portfolio/comps/images/privateServer.jpg" />
	<br/>
	<p>If you support private internet address users can connect their personal server when they buy a personal server of your company, even users do not need to worry about connection from outside of their house. For example, userID.companyName.com. They just need one portable device which can operate one internet browser. Most operations for programs are done on the server, so portable devices do not need high spec to run the program. Even it does not need to upgrade their programs separately like portable devices these days. Users will need to update their programs in their servers only. Users just need to touch their portable devices, laptop, or any internet things. I am pretty sure that this can change your company’s main business and industry. </p>
	<br/>
	<p>I want to talk about my demo. Honestly, I do not have any knowledge and skills for Operating System, so I only realized a web site looking like window GUI and I developed one file browser for the GUI. It looks like Operating System, but it is not my goal. However, it is enough to show possibility for the new age. If you give me a job for me, I can offer my idea for you company. I want to learn operating system development with the job. </p>
	<br/>
	<p>Thank you.</p>
	<br/>
</html>