<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
     xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
     xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
     xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <h1>Resume</h1>
    <h2>Professional Experience</h2>
    <hr/>
    <ul>
  		<li>E-SONG Embedded Programming (Developer)</li>
	</ul>
	<p>After graduation of job school in Korea, one teacher in the school hired me. I had worked for the company for 6 months. Usually I had spent the time to produce embedded boards for factory automation and CCTV. This product main chip is 80386 and it controls power and points of contact. My employer designed this product and I usually assembled the product. I started to help him in the job school before 3 months from the graduation of the job school and had worked in the company for 3month after the graduation. I can design 80386 board, but it is not enough stable with my skill. Thus, I need to learn other control parts. The biggest problem was that there were no time to learn skills from my employer and salary was so low. Finally I came to Canada for a job. I was good to embeded programming, so my employer hired me. A picure below is actually not the product I assembled. I think this is upgraded version, but this is the most similar one I assembled.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/apps/portfolio/comps/images/esong.jpg" />
	<h2>Additional Skills</h2>
    <hr/>
    <ul>
  		<li>Java</li>
  		<li>JSP (Java Server Pages)</li>
  		<li>JSF (Java Server Faces)</li>
  		<li>MySQL</li>
  		<li>Oracle Database</li>
  		<li>Microsoft SQL Server</li>
	</ul>
</html>